Fix broken link to tutorial by other author (#66)
jonascarpay/apecs: apecs/README.md

- [apecs-stm](../apecs-stm/) - STM-based stores for easy concurrency

##### By other authors

> - [An Introduction to Developing Games in Haskell with Apecs](https://steemit.com/blog/@aas-sh/an-introduction-to-developing-games-in-haskell-with-apecs) by Ashley Smith

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [An Introduction to Developing Games in Haskell with Apecs](https://aas.sh/blog/making-a-game-with-haskell-and-apecs/) by Ashley Smith
```
Thanks! Looks like this is the URL to their own site?
